Problems
	While we worked on this lab, we came across multiple difficult problems that would cause our Radius and TACACS+ servers to not work. We first worked on TACACS+ and had multiple problems there. One of our first problems was we didn’t know how to configure the server. After researching online, we figured out that we had to use the terminal and open a configuration file. Our next problem was how to configure the file. We had no idea how to set it up, but after researching it, we were able to add groups and users so the file would be configured. Afterwards, we setup the router configs and had another problem, it wasn’t working. After spending some time to fix it, we realized that the file was slightly misconfigured, and we hadn’t started up the TACACS+ server so the router could read it. After fixing these problems by fixing the file and starting up the server through the terminal, the TACACS+ server started working.
	Our next problems were with Radius. After we researched how to set up Radius and finished installing the active directories, we had our first problem in what to do next. After we researched even more, we realized we had to configure network policies and the Radius server. After we set those up, we configured the router, and it did not work. After some troubleshooting, we found the problems. The first problem was that we did not create a user. We had to go into the active directory and create a user to add to the group we used for Radius. Our next problem was that the policies were misconfigured and caused the server not to connect to the router. We fixed this by going into the policy are changing the conditions we had before. Then, we also realized that the users were not configured correctly. We figured out that we had assigned them to the wrong group and quickly fixed it. The next problem that was causing the router and the Radius server to not communicate was that we needed to restart the NPS in order for it to take effect. Our final problem was simply that we were misspelling the password. We tested it for a while and wondered why it wasn’t working, but we created a new user with a different password, and it worked, so we determined we had put in the work password. Finally, after we fixed all these problems, we tested it on the router and the authentication worked. Overall, we had a lot of trouble getting this lab to work, but we did learn a lot about more secure ways of authentication and how to troubleshoot problems that weren’t as simple as missing commands in the router config. 
